Ryan Lockman
101430670
Homework 1
CSCI 3287 Database System Concepts
Instructor: Debra Parcheta


PART 1

1.   The purpose of this database would be providing scientific information on chemical structures and chemical data.

2.   The users for the database would include teachers, scientists, students, and any person who's interested in chemistry.

3.   The UoD would be chemistry data and information relating to it.

4.   The database would definitely need multiple views because their are different types of end users. One view would be for
   students and the general public, who would need a basic view. Also teachers might require a separate view for more data
   access. Then their are even the people who work on, update, and maintain the data. They would need the most access.

5.   I would say that this database could easily have casual users, naive users, sophisticated users, and standalone users.
   Though, sophisticated and naive or parametric end users are probably the majority.

6.   I would say it would be a complex query, object relational. This would be because of all the complex chemistry structures
   and data that make up the database. Their is a lot of derived and calculated data and because its chemistry their would be
   relations among data.

PART 2

1.   My UoD would be concerts.

2.   The purpose of the database would be keeping track of multiple band's concerts and shows for users looking for information
   on the subject manner.

3.   The data being collected would range from the artists playing the shows, where they played, the date, the venue and city, and
   even the song selection for that night(set list).

4.   The data would be derived from the booking and playing of concerts.

5.   An event would be updating a band's set list for the night being performed, adding recent dates, and also deleting a show if
   the band canceled a date on their tour.

6.   The output would be detailed information pertaining to concerts and the information would be valuable to anyone who is
   interested or are attending one of the concerts.

7.   You would most likely need a complex query, object relational. Because a lot of times two or more bands will play the same
   venue on the same night. This would require relations between the two bands and the venues associated with that night. Also
   end users would most likely need ad hoc to search for particular details on the band, set list, or venues for any given night.


